[Music]
[Applause]
a
Snorlax dude I I don't even have a
Snorlax be
awesome what are you doing Snorlax here
I come
[Music]
[Applause]
Snorlax I got it you got it yes you got
it yeah you ran over my trash uh there
was an Eevee in it the hey Tyler Tyler
Ty did you get it uh-huh go go go go let
me in
[Music]
[Applause]
can I help
[Music]
[Applause]
you it's in the
tree hey man you playing Pokemon go just
a little bit uh you know how doesn't
matter right what you can catch it from
right here seriously
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah let's go
[Music]
Pokemon hey Tyler yeah are you seen
anything what have you seen anything no
I saw um I saw a Pikachu the other day
but it ran
[Music]
[Applause]
away hey yo yeah Pokemon man what's up
man what
what I'm Instinct Valor I'm
Mystic Mystic no other team okay okay
I'm sorry
[Music]
[Applause]
Mystic that's actually a pretty good
idea oh sweet and
Eevee man
dude that was my last Pokeball hey what
do you do if you don't have any more
Pokeball hey calm down calm down this is
what I do every single time what do you
do dude works I'm pretty sure throwing
your phone doesn't equal a Pokeball why'
you what are we
doing I got
him Pikachu
Pikachu
Pikachu oh you okay did you get him
Pikachu got
[Music]
[Applause]
him
[Music]
m
m be
[Music]